Readme.md, before:

## ShopUI
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.state/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.api/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl.total/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)

This Plugin uses LibFormAPI No Need for FormAPI Plugin!
- Easy to use 
- Custom, Simple, Free, Active!, Updated!
<img src="https://github.com/AlexPads/ShopUI-FormAPI-Working/blob/master/icon.png?raw=true" width="200"/>

## Features

- ***NEW!***  ***Shop Categories!***
- Make Unlimited Shops! (with Permissions)
    the commands turns into /shop (default shop in config)
    and /shop <shopname> so Ex. /shop vip will take you to the VIP shop or whatever ones you make.
    Perfect for SkyBlock and Other Minigames with rankup Systems!
- Categories
- Items
- Pictures
- Buy/Sell Prices
- Messages
- Colors of All Text
- Commands!
- Type of Amount Input (Slider, StepSlider, TextBox, Toggle)
- Enchants (Supports PiggyCustomEnchants, Vanilla Enchants)
- Make Suggestions!

#####Tired of restarting your server every time you need to make a small change?

Well......

- The shop.yml can be Edited without server Restart and Take effect **Immediately!**
- **Disclaimer:** If your Editor Saves as you type and someone uses the Shop it will Crash! you must make the changes and then Save them all at once!


## Important
- Requires EconomyAPI by ONEBONE!
- any issues need to be reported on the github repo in the issues section.

## Devs/Info

- Made by: WitherHosting &nbsp; 

<img src="https://witherhosting.com/icons/WitherHostingGray.png" width="200"/>

- TeamMembers: AlexPads, JustTalz
- Discord: https://witherhosting.com/discord
- Website: https://witherhosting.com

Commit message:

Update to PM4
- Adds Support for Bedrock economy
- Adds Support for EconomyAPI secondary
- Fixes the 1 remaining bug!
- Yay!

Readme.md, after:

## ShopUI
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.state/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.api/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl.total/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)
[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.dl/CustomShopUI)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/CustomShopUI)

- If you need PM3 Support please use Version 4.0.5!
- **PM4 Support starts at version 5.0.0!**
- Easy to use shop.yml configuration!
- Custom, Simple, Free, Active!, Updated!

## Features

- Shop Categories!
- Make Unlimited Shops! (with Permissions)
    the commands turns into /shop (default shop in config)
    and /shop <shopname> so Ex. /shop vip will take you to the VIP shop or whatever ones you make.
    Perfect for SkyBlock and Other Minigames with rankup Systems!
- Categories
- Items
- Pictures
- Buy/Sell Prices
- Messages
- Colors of All Text
- Commands!
- Type of Amount Input (Slider, StepSlider, TextBox, Toggle)
- Enchants (Supports PiggyCustomEnchants, Vanilla Enchants)
- Make Suggestions!

**Tired of restarting your server every time you need to make a small change?**

*Well......*

- The shop.yml can be Edited without server Restart and Take effect **Immediately!**
- **Disclaimer:** If your Editor Saves as you type and someone uses the Shop it will Crash! you must make the changes and then Save them all at once!

## Important


- This plugin works with both EconomyAPI & BedrockEconomy! 
    Make sure to change the plugin you are using in the config file!
- any issues need to be reported on the github repo in the issues section.
- We now once again offer an image index for the plugins and textures that are missing from the default PocketMine systems. https://minecraft-cdn.witherhosting.com we are hosting a live version of the default texture pack. You can use any files in the pack like /textures, /models, /map, etc... they all exist.

## Devs/Info

- Made by: WitherHosting &nbsp; 

- TeamMembers: AlexPads
- Website: https://witherhosting.com
- You can request Images to be added in the Database by DM'ing me (AlexPads#9162)
